[IMP] accounting/sales: terms & conditions and quotation templates update (#4442)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/quote_template.rst

===================
Quotation templates
===================

Using quotation templates speeds up their creation by filling in most quotation fields automatically
by simply selecting a template.

Configuration
=============

Go to :menuselection:`Sales --> Configuration --> Settings` and enable :guilabel:`Quotation
Templates`.

Create a template
=================

Go to :menuselection:`Sales --> Configuration --> Quotations Templates` and click :guilabel:`New`.

.. note::
   Apart from the name, all template fields are optional.

After having named the template, choose default values for the following fields:

- :guilabel:`Quotation expires after`: choose the number of days for which the quotation is valid.
- :guilabel:`Online confirmation`: after sending the quotation by email, choose if the customer

>   should confirm it online on their portal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  should confirm it online on their customer portal:
```

  - by providing a :guilabel:`Signature`,
  - by making a :guilabel:`Payment`,
  - or both.

> - :guilabel:`Confirmation Mail`: send an email to the customer upon confirming the quotation by
>   selecting an email template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Confirmation Mail`: select an email template to automatically send an email to the customer upon confirming the quotation.
```

On the :guilabel:`Lines` tab, add the default products and their quantity. Add :doc:`optional
products <optional_products>` in the :guilabel:`Optional Products` tab.

Finally, add any specific sales terms and conditions on the :guilabel:`Terms & Conditions` tab.

.. tip::
   If the terms and conditions are standard across all quotations, :doc:`set them globally in the
   Accounting/Invoicing settings
   </applications/finance/accounting/customer_invoices/terms_conditions>` instead.

Design a template
=================

Customize the appearance of quotations on the customer portal by going to :menuselection:`Sales -->
Configuration --> Settings` and enabling the :guilabel:`Quotation Builder` feature.

.. note::
   If necessary, Odoo automatically activates the :doc:`Website </applications/websites/website>`
   app when enabling this feature.

> Select a template by going to :menuselection:`Sales --> Configuration --> Quotations Templates` and
> clicking :guilabel:`Design Template`. On the website builder, click :guilabel:`Edit`. Drag and drop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select a template by going to :menuselection:`Sales --> Configuration --> Quotations Templates` and clicking on a template.
Then click on the :guilabel:`Design Template` button. On the website builder, click :guilabel:`Edit`. Drag and drop
```

Quotation templates
===================

> Using quotation templates speeds up their creation by filling in most quotation fields automatically

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using quotation templates speeds up the creation of sales orders by filling in most quotation fields automatically
```
